WHERE SHOULD I START???

This girl changed my life and she was sole responsible for so many turn overs in my life but the best (may be bad) part is she did not know what she had done to me!!!!!!


Iam a simple guy came from a lower middle class family in small town in AP.i studied in that town until 12th standard.I had this zeal from my childhood to do engineering.so i kept my full efforts and strength finally i got admitted into very good Reputed college.i was happy that i made it through and so with lots of hopes and aspirations to achieve, i stepped into college.

But i dont know then my first day of college will be a biggest thing in my life!!!!

MY FIRST DAY, i was standing in a line to get my admission done and other registration details.SHE was standing at position five persons before me and this is the first tym i looked at her...oh my god!!!!she was soo cute and her smile made me mad.i lost all my senses and i forgot that iam in a line too.iam just staring at her.JUST STARING.i felt like flying high and my heart is full of happiness until my back person brought me down by shouting "Dude,move front!!!".she had done with her registration and she left the room but stayed in my heart..

	Gathering some information from my friends about her,i came to know she is from my class only.My joy does not have any bounds then.Time is passing by but iam too nervous to go and talk to her directly.i did every stupid thing i can do to get her attention on me but everytime result was negative.But finally one day my efforts fulfilled.we all splitted into groups to do experiments in labs and luckily she was in my group.for first 10 minutes big silence between us.finally i gathered all courage (that was my most nervous moment in my life) and said "Hi,iam XYZ".she replied back with a smile and then WE TALKED WE TALKED WE TALKED until our experiment completed.
	she told about herslef and i told about myself and i tried to crack some poor jokes for which she barely laughed(i was stupid then.i dont know how to impress a girl).finally our lovely conversation came to an end and she said "Bye,nice to meet you" and she left.but i sat there in that room and just watched her leaving the room.i have to say she had a pretty funny walk.:-)

	As time passing by,she became a good friend to me.we talked a lot during labs(sadly that was the only place where i can talk to her).At that moment i dint fell like doing anything except talking to her. so i tried to find other sources to connect with her.i went to internet center regularly (at that time i dont have laptop) to find her whether she is online.i went to library too hoping that she will come there to study.i did everything but all went in vain.so i waited for whole week for that lab period only.iam getting closer to her and iam waiting for a right moment to say that i like her until the biggest shit happened in my life.


	she came to know that iam hitting on her from some leaked sources(mutual friends) and she suddenly stopped talking to me.i can remember that day very clearly.During lab i came early to apologize for what happened and i prepared myself to face any consequences.but she came and dint even look into my face and went to do experiment with other group.Thats the first time i felt SHE LEFT ME.:(


	finally i told myself some courage and went to her to say sorry for what had happened.she said "its ok".i asked "why did u shift into this group?" for which she replied "i want to do study with this group".by that moment i came to know she started disliking me.

	i know her mobile number but i dont have much courage to talk to her in phone bcoz iam afraid how she will receive.iam waiting for a right moment.finally that moment came.HER BIRTHDAY.so i planned a gift for her and a greeting card which says sorry and birthday wishes.that sounded perfect to me.for gift i needed money but i dont have.so i stopped taking breakfasts in the mrng for one whole month so i can reduce some food court bill.finally i gathered some money and bought a gift for her.to make sure that gift should reach her by night,i gave it to one of our mutual friend to pass it onto her exactly at 12 am.From 10'o clock iam just roaming around with anxiety and tension on how to start conversation with her.finally at 12'o clock i called her and said 
	i said"Happy Bday"
	she replied "thank you."
	"Did u receive the gift??"
	"yeah!!just now.thnks"
	i asked her to open it.but she said "i have to submit lab report tomorrow.iam working.i will open it later" 
	i said "ok then,happy bday once again and good night,meet u in class tomorrow"

	thats all and i was very happy she accepted my gift.i dint sleep whole night and thinking about what she will say tomorrow in class.i thought she accepted my apology and everything is set.but things went different.

	Next day i reached early to class to meet her.finally she came.i went to her to talk but she took out my unopened gift from her bag and returned it to me saying "i wont take gifts" and she kept it on a bench and she left.

	i was shocked and totally filled with sad.then i came to know that IAM NOTHING IN HER LIFE.i felt like somebody crushing my heart.That was the last night i cried like a small child.

    Then a couple of moments came i tried talking to her but she dint even look at me.i spoiled my first year percentage (i dint feel like to study) but my friends (i want to especailly thanks here to one my best friend who has supported me to get out of that deep sorrow and made me realize my future and about my parents.FRIEND,without you iam nothing).	 

    Time passing by,i started concentrating on my studies.i made myself busy (if iam alone,her thoughts and smile will occupy my mind).i came to know from my friends that she is liking someone.Being in different departments i rarely see her.But when we encounter each other (sometimes once in a month) she wont even look at me which makes me very sad.

    Now,my life came to a balanced position.i met some special friends in this span.good progress in my studies.right now iam doing an internship in an MNC.

    now everything is alright but this question arises in my mind before every night with a small pain in my heart when iam about to sleep.
    "Why did u leave me??did i do anything wrong?i loved you a lot but all i left now of u was ur memories just memories but not you...:-("


    Conclusion:- It took me six hours to write about this bcoz its very hard to express feelings.
    			 iam attracted to her more than any other in my life.to say frankly i have fallen in love with her.
    			 For every birthday of her iam sending greetings and i will do it as long as iam alive.
    			 Though a new person comes in my life i can't forget her.its FIRST LOVE.it won't lost ever.she always will have that respectful place in my heart and i will be one of her unknown well wisher to have a very good career and prospective future.


    p.s:-(FOR HER):- If you are reading this,I just wana say to you that iam not a bad guy nor 				     just a stupid guy who hit on girls.i dint do anything which hurt u.i may have done 			 some stupid things to impress you but everything i have done is to make u happy.
    			 JUST I TRIED TO PUT A SMILE ON THAT FACE EVERYMOMENT WHEN IAM WITH YOU.